---
week-num: 5
---


<a class="button" href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2udwoaMmP7hYlZJeE1BZWhkRHM">Download Team A File, print one copy</a>
<a class="button" href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2udwoaMmP7hWHp5enRHYXBMSzA">Download Team B File, print one copy</a>

## Greetings and Warm-up

### Body Stretches and Vocabulary:

Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes  
Eyes, Ears, Nose, Mouth  

### Review Body Poses:

Boat, Snake, Cow, Cat.

## Show & Tell

### Page 13: Song

Play song and sing along.  
Two teams, each team gets a complete cut-out set of every word in the first two stanzas of the song (see files above).  
We put the words in order.

### Page 14: Say it with me

> Write the headings `animals`, `colors`, `classroom objects`.  
> Ask class to say words for each heading.  
> Review, erase and ask each table to say three items from a particular heading.

> Look at the picture together. Ask the class to tell me what they can see.  
> Play the recording (track 16) for the class to listen to the rhyme.  
> `The red fox is on the rock. The hedgehog is on the log.`  
> Play recording again and ask the class to follow the words in their books.  
> Ask specific questions about the rhyme and the picture. e.g. Where's the ...? What color is the... ?  
> Play recording again, pausing after each sentence for class to repeat.  
> Use the picture and classroom objects to present new colors: `gray` and `brown`.  
> Elicit descriptions of objects in the picture and in the classroom with `gray` and `brown`, like `it's a gray rock`

> Color Benny's picture to match the scene.  
> What color is the fox? (Red) Color the fox red.

> Write `rock` on the board. Segment and blend.  
> Write `sock` on the board. Segment and blend.

> Write the following words in two columns:

> red | dog
> fox | bed
> log | box

> We read the words in the first column.  
> We practice segmenting (e.g. /r/ /e/ /d/ ) and blending (e.g. /red/ ).

## Story Time

When we take a break,  
When we relax,  
`What can we do?`

- `We can ` read.
- `We can ` go to the bathroom.
- `We can ` drink some water.
- `We can ` take a nap.
- `We can ` wash our face.
- `We can ` play.

### Sing and Read

Play song and sing along one time.  
Play story and read.

### Activity A. Color and Say.

```
How many stars do you see?
I see _____ stars.
```

## Phonics & Reading

### Review Unit 1

On the board:

- Segment:
  - /a/ /n/
- Blend:
  - /an/

- Segment:
  - /a/ /t/
- Blend:
  - /at/

- Segment and Blend:
  - bat, cat, fan, repairman

Play Unit 1 story and read along.

### Unit 2

On the board:

- Segment:
  - /a/ /m/
- Blend:
  - /am/

- Segment:
  - /a/ /p/
- Blend:
  - /ap/

- Segment and Blend:
  - ham, jam, map, naps, ram, Sam

Play Unit 2 story and read along.

