---
week-num: 5
---

<a class="button" href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2udwoaMmP7hNk9lMm83RGhNUU0">Download Lyrics File, print one copy</a>

## Greetings and Warm-up

Reinforce `Thank You` when handing out name tags.
Play the name game again, with clearer sentence pattern.

### Body Stretches and Vocabulary:

Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes  
Eyes, Ears, Nose, Mouth  

### Review Body Poses:

Boat, Snake, Cow, Cat.  
Frog, Butterfly

## Show & Tell

### Page 15: Follow me

> Ask class to name objects in picture.  
> In the second picture, ask what animals is in the boy's picture, and what the boy is giving the girl.

> Play track 17:  
> Girl: `Please pass the yellow pen.`  
> Boy: `Here you are`  
> Girl: `Thank you!`  
> Play and repeat.

> Ask class to act out dialogue in pairs. Play recording again.  
> Volunteers can come to the front and act out the dialogue for the rest of the class.

> Read and repeat lyrics to track 18 song.

> Play track 18, using lyrics print-out:  
> `We say 'Please' and 'Thank you' too.`  
> `We say 'Please' and 'Thank you' too.`  
> `Little words that are easy to say,`  
> `So let's remember them every day`

### Page 11: Sticker Activity

> Ask students to turn to the back of their books and find the stickers for this unit. Ask `What's this?` about each sticker.  
> Play track 12, pausing after each exchange for the children to find the correct sticker and the correct place to put it.

### Page 13: Song

Play song and sing along.  
Two teams, each team gets a complete cut-out set of every word in the first two stanzas of the song (see ["files on previous day's plan"]({% post_url lions/lessons/week-05/_posts/2016-09-05-Monday %})).  
We put the words in order.

## Phonics & Reading

On the board:

- Segment:
  - /a/ /n/
- Blend:
  - /an/

- Segment:
  - /a/ /t/
- Blend:
  - /at/

- Segment and Blend:
  - bat, cat, fan, repairman

Play Unit 1 story and read along.

### Review Unit 2

On the board:

- Segment:
  - /a/ /m/
- Blend:
  - /am/

- Segment:
  - /a/ /p/
- Blend:
  - /ap/

- Segment and Blend:
  - ham, jam, map, naps, ram, Sam

Play Unit 2 story and read along.

## Story Time

Play song and sing along one time.  
Play story and read.

When we take a break,  
When we relax,  
`What can we do?`

- `We can ` read.
- `We can ` go to the bathroom.
- `We can ` drink some water.
- `We can ` take a nap.
- `We can ` wash our face.
- `We can ` play.

Play song and sing along one time.  
Play story and read.

Go through story stopping to discuss each picture.

### Activity B. Point and Say.



