---
week-num: 5
---

<a class="alert button" href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2udwoaMmP7hWWZGM1h6UTJ4X28">Download: Worksheet</a>

<a class="button" href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2udwoaMmP7hNk9lMm83RGhNUU0">Download: Track 18 Lyrics File. Print one copy</a>

<a class="button" href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2udwoaMmP7hYlZJeE1BZWhkRHM">Download: Team A, Track 15 Lyrics File. Print one copy</a>
<a class="button" href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=0B2udwoaMmP7hWHp5enRHYXBMSzA">Download: Team B, Track 15 Lyrics File. Print one copy</a>

## Greetings and Warm-up

### Body Stretches and Vocabulary:

Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes  
Eyes, Ears, Nose, Mouth  

### Review Body Poses:

Use flashcards for:  
Boat, Snake, Cow, Cat.  
Frog.

## Show & Tell


### Page 11: Sticker Activity

> Ask students to turn to the back of their books and find the stickers for this unit. Ask `What's this?` about each sticker.  
> Play track 12, pausing after each exchange for the children to find the correct sticker and the correct place to put it.

### Page 13: Song

Play track 15 song, and sing along.  
Two teams, each team gets a complete cut-out set of every word in the first two stanzas of the song (see files above).  
We put the words in order.

### Page 15: Follow Me

> Read and repeat lyrics to track 18 song.

> Play track 18 song, using lyrics print-out:  
> `We say 'Please' and 'Thank you' too.`  
> `We say 'Please' and 'Thank you' too.`  
> `Little words that are easy to say,`  
> `So let's remember them every day`

### Page 16: Explore with me

> Play track 19 (reads the three pictures' captions) and repeat.
> Tell class I'm going to talk about one of the pictures and I want them to telll me which picture it is. e.g. `This pictures uses feathers.` Class answers with sentences, e.g. `It's a gray bird.`
> Ask class what other materials might be used to make pictures.

### Extra activity

> Draw pictures of known items (classroom objects, animals, etc.) on the board using a different colored marker for each picture. Draw slowly, asking class to guess before I finish.

## Phonics & Reading

On the board:

- Segment:
  - /a/ /n/
- Blend:
  - /an/

- Segment:
  - /a/ /t/
- Blend:
  - /at/

- Segment and Blend:
  - bat, cat, fan, repairman

Play Unit 1 story and read along.

### Review Unit 2

On the board:

- Segment:
  - /a/ /m/
- Blend:
  - /am/

- Segment:
  - /a/ /p/
- Blend:
  - /ap/

- Segment and Blend:
  - ham, jam, map, naps, ram, Sam

Play Unit 2 story and read along.


When we take a break,  
When we relax,  
`What can we do?`

- `We can ` read.
- `We can ` go to the bathroom.
- `We can ` drink some water.
- `We can ` take a nap.
- `We can ` wash our face.
- `We can ` play.

## Worksheet



