---
week-num: 7
---

## Ice-Breakers, Greetings, and Warm-Up


Head, Shoulders, Knees and Toes  Eyes, Ears, Nose, Mouth  
Up, Forward, Down, Back

### Body Poses

Boat, Snake, Cow, Cat.  
Frog, Butterfly

## Review Moon Cake and Moon Festival

- Make balls of dough
- Make the dough flat
- Make balls of pineapple
- Put the pineapple in the middle of the dough
- Roll into a ball
- Put on the pan and into the oven
- Wait!

- BBQ
- Full Moon

Ask students about their Moon Festival experiences

## Review Quilt

Teach 'quilt'.

Ask, 'what is this?'  
to get 'this is my square'  
and, 'is this X's square?'  
and, 'is this red paint?'  
to get 'no, this is a striangle?'  
and, 'what shape is this?'  
to get 'this is a star'  
and, 'is this the sun or the moon?'  

## Show & Tell

### page 20 --- What can you do in the park?

Talk about the picture.

'What can you do in the park?'  
'BBQ!'  
'Play games'  

'What do you see?'  
'I see a (kite)'  
'Is it "red"?'

'What are they doing?'  
'What is she doing?'  
'What is he doing?'  
climbing a net, catching, building, walking, running, walking, running, kicking, blowing bubbles, playing on the swings

'Where are they?'  
'Are they in the classroom?'  
'They are in nature.'  

### track 1.21 --- Listen and point

### track 1.22 --- Listen and repeat

### Use the flashcards to cement the key vocabulary

Use the flashcards to cement the key vocabulary:  
climb, cath, build, walk, run, kick

## Story Time

Talk about the story using the picture as an aid.  
Sing the song one time.  
Read the story using the Script in the back assigning each person on the table a role in the story, assigning the role of narrator to myself in tables of four students.  


## Phonics & Reading

Segmenting and blending.

